Source Zendesk Support: update docs (#30738)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/zendesk-support.md

- [Users](https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/ticketing/ticket-management/incremental_exports/#incremental-user-export) \(Incremental\)
- [UserFields](https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/ticketing/users/user_fields/#list-user-fields)

### Deleted Records Support

> The Zendesk Support source connector fetch deleted records in streams:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Zendesk Support connector fetches deleted records in the following streams:
```

Author: updated

> | Stream                   | Deleted indicator field |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Stream                   | Deletion indicator field |
```

Author: updated
